1. After reading the first chapter of 'searching inside yourself' I am a bit skeptical as is my nature in reading books like this. I agree with being mindful allows people more time than making snap reactions and those reactions are what make relationships work in positive ways and can come to light in the work place between co-workers. Going forward, I'm interested in learning more about the ways to train your brain to have better attention. I was a bit nervous beginning EDA as my attention span tends to wander a bit, which I thought would be to my detriment, so hopefully as I continue forward the exercises in the book help my attention and in turn lead to better mindfulness.

2. In terms of the inner critic, I think there is a healthy balance where an inner critic is valuable. However when it inhibits your personal progress or is self-defeating, it's an issue. I think the key they are trying to get through is to be aware and develop self-awareness. Then you at least can question the inner critic, asking yourself if it is valid critical intuition or a self-created road block. So I'd say awareness of your inner critic becomes easier when you can devote your attention to how your body and mind are feeling, which is the benefit of meditation I suppose. Also, the illustrations were pretty cool.

3. Understanding privilege starts with awareness of yourself and others. Understanding how you were brought up may be different to others, there may be gaps in things people don't understand, thus the importance of being empathetic in a learning or working environment. 
